README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [kubernetes_config_map.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/config_map) | resource |
| [kubernetes_deployment.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) | resource |
| [kubernetes_secret.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/secret) | resource |
| [kubernetes_service.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_image_repository"></a> [image\_repository](#input\_image\_repository) | Repository of the image used to deploy the jumpserver. | `string` | `"linuxserver/openssh-server"` | no |
| <a name="input_image_tag"></a> [image\_tag](#input\_image\_tag) | Tag of the image used to deploy the jumpserver. | `string` | `"9.7_p1-r4-ls163"` | no |
| <a name="input_load_balancer_class"></a> [load\_balancer\_class](#input\_load\_balancer\_class) | The class of the load balancer implementation this Service belongs to. If specified, the value of this field must be a label-style identifier, with an optional prefix. This field can only be set when the svc\_type is LoadBalancer | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_motd_name"></a> [motd\_name](#input\_motd\_name) | Name of the place where the user joined. Defaults to 'jumpserver', so it shows: 'Welcome to jumpserver' | `string` | `"jumpserver"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the resource. Defaults to 'jumpserver' | `string` | `"jumpserver"` | no |
| <a name="input_name_prefix"></a> [name\_prefix](#input\_name\_prefix) | Prefix of the resource. If not specified it won't add a prefix. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | Namespace where the resource will be deployed. If not specified it will be deployed in 'default' namespace. | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_host_rsa_key"></a> [ssh\_host\_rsa\_key](#input\_ssh\_host\_rsa\_key) | Private key used by the OpenSSH server. If not defined it will generated automatically, but won't be saved. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_host_rsa_key_public"></a> [ssh\_host\_rsa\_key\_public](#input\_ssh\_host\_rsa\_key\_public) | Public key used by the OpenSSH server. If not defined it will generated automatically, but won't be saved. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_keys"></a> [ssh\_keys](#input\_ssh\_keys) | List of SSH keys to be added to the authorized keys list. Should be in the same format as the 'authorized\_keys' file, represented in Heredoc style as a multi-line string value. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssh_log_to_stdout"></a> [ssh\_log\_to\_stdout](#input\_ssh\_log\_to\_stdout) | If set to true it will log the SSH connection to stdout. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_port"></a> [ssh\_port](#input\_ssh\_port) | Specify the port that OpenSSH server will bind to. The port value can't be below 1024. If not defined it will use '2222' as default. | `number` | `2222` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_user"></a> [ssh\_user](#input\_ssh\_user) | Specify a username to connect to. If not defined it will use 'user' as default. | `string` | `"user"` | no |
| <a name="input_sshd_config"></a> [sshd\_config](#input\_sshd\_config) | Configuration file for SSH. If not defined it will use the default. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_annotations"></a> [svc\_annotations](#input\_svc\_annotations) | Map of annotations for the service. | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_create"></a> [svc\_create](#input\_svc\_create) | If set to true it will create the service. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_port"></a> [svc\_port](#input\_svc\_port) | Port where the OpenSSH will be exposed. If not defined it will use '22' as default | `number` | `22` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_type"></a> [svc\_type](#input\_svc\_type) | Type of the Service | `string` | `"LoadBalancer"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

README.md: Add instructions to generate ssh keys

README.md, after:

# terraform-kubernetes-jumpserver

## How to generate ssh keys

We need to generate a ssh key pair for the jumpserver to use. You can do this by running the following command:

```bash
ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -C "<name-of-the-jumpserver>" -f <name-of-the-jumpserver>
```

After that you will have a `<name-of-the-jumpserver>` file with the private key and a `<name-of-the-jumpserver>.pub` file with the public key.

```hcl
ssh_host_rsa_key        = <content-of-the-jumpserver-file>
ssh_host_rsa_key_public = <content-of-the-jumpserver-file.pub>
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#provider\_kubernetes) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [kubernetes_config_map.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/config_map) | resource |
| [kubernetes_deployment.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/deployment) | resource |
| [kubernetes_secret.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/secret) | resource |
| [kubernetes_service.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs/resources/service) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_image_repository"></a> [image\_repository](#input\_image\_repository) | Repository of the image used to deploy the jumpserver. | `string` | `"linuxserver/openssh-server"` | no |
| <a name="input_image_tag"></a> [image\_tag](#input\_image\_tag) | Tag of the image used to deploy the jumpserver. | `string` | `"9.7_p1-r4-ls163"` | no |
| <a name="input_load_balancer_class"></a> [load\_balancer\_class](#input\_load\_balancer\_class) | The class of the load balancer implementation this Service belongs to. If specified, the value of this field must be a label-style identifier, with an optional prefix. This field can only be set when the svc\_type is LoadBalancer | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_motd_name"></a> [motd\_name](#input\_motd\_name) | Name of the place where the user joined. Defaults to 'jumpserver', so it shows: 'Welcome to jumpserver' | `string` | `"jumpserver"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name of the resource. Defaults to 'jumpserver' | `string` | `"jumpserver"` | no |
| <a name="input_name_prefix"></a> [name\_prefix](#input\_name\_prefix) | Prefix of the resource. If not specified it won't add a prefix. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | Namespace where the resource will be deployed. If not specified it will be deployed in 'default' namespace. | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_host_rsa_key"></a> [ssh\_host\_rsa\_key](#input\_ssh\_host\_rsa\_key) | Private key used by the OpenSSH server. If not defined it will generated automatically, but won't be saved. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_host_rsa_key_public"></a> [ssh\_host\_rsa\_key\_public](#input\_ssh\_host\_rsa\_key\_public) | Public key used by the OpenSSH server. If not defined it will generated automatically, but won't be saved. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_keys"></a> [ssh\_keys](#input\_ssh\_keys) | List of SSH keys to be added to the authorized keys list. Should be in the same format as the 'authorized\_keys' file, represented in Heredoc style as a multi-line string value. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ssh_log_to_stdout"></a> [ssh\_log\_to\_stdout](#input\_ssh\_log\_to\_stdout) | If set to true it will log the SSH connection to stdout. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_port"></a> [ssh\_port](#input\_ssh\_port) | Specify the port that OpenSSH server will bind to. The port value can't be below 1024. If not defined it will use '2222' as default. | `number` | `2222` | no |
| <a name="input_ssh_user"></a> [ssh\_user](#input\_ssh\_user) | Specify a username to connect to. If not defined it will use 'user' as default. | `string` | `"user"` | no |
| <a name="input_sshd_config"></a> [sshd\_config](#input\_sshd\_config) | Configuration file for SSH. If not defined it will use the default. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_annotations"></a> [svc\_annotations](#input\_svc\_annotations) | Map of annotations for the service. | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_create"></a> [svc\_create](#input\_svc\_create) | If set to true it will create the service. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_port"></a> [svc\_port](#input\_svc\_port) | Port where the OpenSSH will be exposed. If not defined it will use '22' as default | `number` | `22` | no |
| <a name="input_svc_type"></a> [svc\_type](#input\_svc\_type) | Type of the Service | `string` | `"LoadBalancer"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
